README.md, before:

# Weather App

>

## Built With

- Create React App (CRA)
- React
- JavaScript
- CSS
- API
- linters

## Deployment:

## Demo

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- web browser (e.g. Google Chrome, Firefox)
- text editor (e.g. VSCode)
- CLI/terminal

### Clone this repository

```
git clone git@github.com:virag-ky/Weather-App.git
```

### Install dependencies

```
npm install
```

### Open the project in the browser

```
npm run start
```

## Author

👤 **Virag Kormoczy**

- GitHub: [@virag-ky](https://github.com/virag-ky)
- Twitter: [@Virag_Ky](https://twitter.com/Virag_Ky)
- LinkedIn: [virag-kormoczy](https://linkedin.com/in/virag-kormoczy)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgements

### Additional libraries:

- **[React Accessible Accordion](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-accessible-accordion)**: React Component for creating an 'Accordion' that adheres to the [WAI ARIA spec](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/#accordion) for accessibility.
- **[React Select Async Paginate](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-select-async-paginate)**: Wrapper above `react-select` that supports pagination on menu scroll.

### New things I learned:

- [Debounce Timeout](https://levelup.gitconnected.com/debounce-in-javascript-improve-your-applications-performance-5b01855e086)

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add data to weather forecast component

README.md, after:

# Weather App

>

## Built With

- Create React App (CRA)
- React
- JavaScript
- CSS
- API
- linters

## API:

- [GeoDB Cities](https://rapidapi.com/wirefreethought/api/geodb-cities/)
- [Open Weather API](https://openweathermap.org/current)

## Deployment:

## Demo

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- web browser (e.g. Google Chrome, Firefox)
- text editor (e.g. VSCode)
- CLI/terminal

### Clone this repository

```
git clone git@github.com:virag-ky/Weather-App.git
```

### Install dependencies

```
npm install
```

### Open the project in the browser

```
npm run start
```

## Author

👤 **Virag Kormoczy**

- GitHub: [@virag-ky](https://github.com/virag-ky)
- Twitter: [@Virag_Ky](https://twitter.com/Virag_Ky)
- LinkedIn: [virag-kormoczy](https://linkedin.com/in/virag-kormoczy)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgements

### Additional libraries:

- **[React Accessible Accordion](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-accessible-accordion)**: React Component for creating an 'Accordion' that adheres to the [WAI ARIA spec](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/#accordion) for accessibility.
- **[React Select Async Paginate](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-select-async-paginate)**: Wrapper above `react-select` that supports pagination on menu scroll.

### New things I learned:

- [Debounce Timeout](https://levelup.gitconnected.com/debounce-in-javascript-improve-your-applications-performance-5b01855e086)
- [allowZeroExpanded](https://github.com/springload/react-accessible-accordion): Allow the only remaining expanded item to be collapsed.

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
